NAME
    Dungeon Crawler (ASSIGNMENT_NUM) - A roguelike adventure game

DESCRIPTION
    Monster and object definitions are read from ~/.rlg327 and loaded into
    the game. Flashing colors are not implemented.

    This roguelike dungeon game is now ported to C++. New features include
    incremental upgrades to the Monster List menu, in-game debugging, and
    an efficient FOV shadowcasting implementation. Navigate with vi-like
    keybindings. Kill and avoid being killed by monsters. Kill all the
    monsters on any given dungeon level to win.

DUNGEON CRAWLER
    --save   : Save a randomly generated dungeon to a binary file in
               ~/.rlg327/dungeon. This file will be created if does not
               already exist.
    --load   : Load a saved dungeon from disk.  
    --nummon : Tell the game how many monsters to load at the start.
               Choose a number between 1-30. Monster locations are not
               persistent.

BUILD & EXECUTION
    To build this project, simply run GNU make in the project's
    root directory. This will generate an executable binary named
    dungeon_crawler. All build files are generated to ./build, and
    supplemental binaries are kept in ./bin.

KEYBINDINGS
    IN-GAME
        y or 7 : Move to an upper left cell
        k or 8 : Move up one cell
        u or 9 : Move to an upper right cell     
        l or 6 : Move right one cell             
        n or 3 : Move to a lower right cell
        . or
        5 or
        space  : Rest for a turn j or 2: Move down one cell              
        >      : Go down a staircase
        <      : Go up a staircase
        m      : Open the Monster List b or 1: Move to a lower left cell
        q      : Quit the game h or 4: Move left one cell
    MONSTER LIST
        ESC     : Exit the Monster List menu
        UP or k : Scroll the list items up DOWN or j: Scroll the
                  list items down 
    DEBUGGING
        t : Enter teleporting mode 
        f : Toggle Fog of War

KNOWN ISSUES
    1. The only observed issue with my FOV implementation appears when
       a corridor path exists next to a room. The issue will limit the
       player's viewing radius if the PC is standing on a corridor terrain.

                                  2019
